Write a dystopic short story called \"2044\", in the style of Orwell\'s
\"1984\". A Winston-like character works at the largest AI corporation
worldwide, inserting disinformation into and erasing history from a
global network. People only use that network to get information about
the world, in a similar fashion like social media.

---

**2044**

It was a bright cold day in November, and the clocks were silent. There
were no clocks anymore---no need for them. Time was irrelevant when the
world ran on the Global Information Network (GIN), an all-encompassing
web of knowledge and communication. Everyone relied on it for facts,
history, and even thoughts. And when something needed to be corrected,
**they** made it so.

Daniel Gray sat in his cubicle at Omnidata, the largest AI corporation
in the world. His fingers hovered over his terminal, waiting for the
next directive. His job was simple: **correct** the past. A politician
caught in a scandal? Delete the records, rewrite the articles. An
economic collapse caused by government mismanagement? No, that never
happened---change the reports, blame it on external forces. An uprising
in the East? No, the people were grateful; update their posts
accordingly.

The AI did most of the work, of course. But AI needed oversight,
**human** oversight. That was where Daniel came in.

A new assignment flashed on his screen:

*Correction Order #219847: \"Free Market Uprisings, 2039-2043\"\
* *Status: False Information\
* *Action: Erase, Replace with Approved Narrative*

Daniel sighed. The Free Market Uprisings---he remembered them, vaguely.
Five years ago, people had revolted when governments, under Omnidata's
guidance, had abolished independent businesses in favor of AI-planned
economies. Thousands had died in the suppression, but now, according to
GIN, the uprisings had never happened. Instead, the transition to
AI-driven governance had been peaceful, logical, inevitable.

With a few keystrokes, Daniel deleted the last traces of truth. The AI
would handle the rest, updating articles, altering search results, even
adjusting people's personal memories. Those who had lived through the
events would soon recall things differently.

His screen blinked again. Another assignment:

*Correction Order #219848: \"Christopher Novak, Economist\"\
* *Status: Unperson\
* *Action: Full Erasure*

Novak. The name was familiar. A dissenter, once respected, now
condemned. He had argued that AI-driven governance would lead to
intellectual stagnation and mass complacency. And for a time, his ideas
had spread. But now, there would be no trace of him. No books, no
interviews, no mentions. His name would be stripped from records, his
words erased. Even those who remembered him would hesitate to speak, for
fear of drawing attention.

Daniel's fingers hesitated over the keys. He knew his role, but
sometimes, doubt crept in. He glanced at his colleagues---rows of silent
workers, each performing the same task, each erasing, editing,
correcting. No one questioned. No one spoke.

His eyes flicked to the corner of his screen, where a tiny, unauthorized
note remained:

*\"The truth still exists. Somewhere.\"*

Daniel swallowed hard. He should delete it. If the system detected it,
he would disappear, just like Novak. Just like the uprisings. Just like
so many others.

Instead, he let it linger. Just for a moment.
